Document TypedArray’s set() method (#84)
AssemblyScript/website: src/stdlib/typedarray.md

  ```
  Reverses an array's values in place, modifying the array before returning it.

* ```ts

>   function set(source: TypedArray, fromIndex?: i32): void

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  function set(source: TypedArray, offset?: i32): void
```

  ```

>   Sets the array values (started at `fromIndex`, or 0) based on the contents of another array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sets the typed array values (started at `offset`, or 0) reading input values from a specified `source` array or typed array.
```
